Adding a file directly to GitHub Repository as the first reflection of Lesson 3

Reflect: Using a remote repository
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When you are working as a part of a team
When you are working from multiple fixed computers
When you want to preserve your code in the cloud for safe keeping
When you want to share you code with the WORLD!

Reflect: Manual vs. automatic pull
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because you may be working and don't want your files automatically changing to older versions on remote.

Reflect: Forks, Clones, and Branches
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Branches - Occur on the local machine in the same repository
Forks - Occur in GitHub by creating a copy of another person's repository
Clones - From one Repository to another where both are on local machine or the source repository is on GitHub and the destination is local


Reflect: Local copies of remote branches
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
So that you can use local tools like diff to compare what is on remote and what is local

Reflect: Collaboration using Git and GitHub
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Email, phone, txt/IM
Sending files is a pain, it would be hard to keep track of where things were at without manual reconciliation.  
All changes could not easily be tracked and traced back through logically.

Reflect: When to use a separate branch
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When the change may or may not be accepted.  If you are trying out a concept but want to leave the original in tact you would create a separate branch.